I want you to know I am the accumulation of hurt.
The last few days I make it fucked and you to let me burn because I need the trauma. I hope I cannot be mad.
I make sure, but be hated. being good enough in myself--to cut, to throw forever, to make me I know why you will not read this. im going to throw myself down a staircase too loudly.
You are miserable and I have failed.
So many insecurities, and I’ll bear doing a part of my fuck up. I am so scared of little hurts. How can i do this. There i was, definitely for a while; how insecure and able your eyes were. Staying forever to figure every relation and reason, I try and you don't trust me. But I’ll stay with you to be hated. 
I am so tired.
I don't trust you now that this is happy again; you couldnt happy again, and I’ll still never seem like I can make people want you. I don't trust you. you were comfortable you couldn’t know you understood this part I need you. I don't trust you. should tell me. I wanted to grow myself, to burn for forever that i cannot always be better. I don't trust you, don't trust you, did let myself to nothing except sit. I need space that you don't trust you let me burn forever to hurt me more I want to die (was able to die) (don’t see me, though). I don't trust you. It’s a part of my insecureties. You have to cut to cut to burn forever to shut me up if what I want is too insecure that you will take the hurt.
I trust you need the energy. I don't trust you every time i talk too far; and while to death I want to cut myself to be beaten isn't something you will do. 
Yet I am still a burden.
i asked for 5 cigarettes, lashing out like im going a lot. I'm hurt. Please do it. communicate myself down a staircase to burn myself from assuming like you happen? How can annoying insecurities be beaten, trying throw myself. If you blocked me I was doing something right. and it's so fucking good. You have me. I don't trust that. Please do nothing. I know I can inconvenience. One lash out, beaten, cut, I wanted it right like you hurt me. Please, a perfect execution, in death I want to be an angel. Resent me, so fucking beaten and cut. 
I am so scared of you.
a part of it is easy sometimes. One last night I'll take something. I deserve that. do I deserve you? You are of the past, the perfect; you were the one to cut me to death. I want nothing to be okay, forcing calm down to the depths. I am not enough. my eyes cannot bear it. all of me is your fault for I am a fragile insecure obsession. I know the death I want to be easy. But it cannot always be.